# Python App Template

This is a very simple demo of a Python app which connects to Bitcoin Core & LND to run on Umbrel.

The `docker-compose.yml` should only be used in the Umbrel app, and shouldn't remain in this repo.

### Setting up builds

To set up builds, please follow these steps:

1. Fork this repo on Github.
1. Go to the actions tab on your fork. If it asks you to confirm the workflows, select "I understand my workflows, go ahead and enable them".
1. Now, go to the repository settings and configure the secrets listed below.
1. Push to the master branch and enjoy automated builds. Make sure to change the name of your docker container in `.github/workflows/push.yml` and `.github/workflows/tag.yml` in the first commit.

### Secrets used

- `DOCKER_HUB_USERNAME`: The username used to login on Docker Hub. Make sure to create an account there to get one.
- `DOCKER_HUB_ACCESS_TOKEN`: The access token or password used to login on Docker Hub.
- `DOCKER_CONTAINER_USERNAME`: The organzation or user to own the container. If you're not sure, use the same as your login username.

### Autogenerated files

For this, you need the googleapis submodule. You can do this using
```sh
git submodule init
git submodule update
```

Also, you need to install the `grpcio-tools` via `sudo pip3 install grpcio-tools` on your system. 

Then, run the `generate-lnd-headers.sh` script:

```
./generate-lnd-headers.sh v0.12.1-beta
```

You can replace `v0.12.1-beta` with the tag/branch of the [LND GitHub repo](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd) you want to use.
Please make sure to not use a version that is later than what's currently included in Umbrel (LND 0.12.1 in Umbrel 0.3.10).

---

Based on [PiDisplay](https://github.com/PiDisplay/PiDisplay), an open-source project Edd Williams and me built.
